---
layout: post
title: 'Isbi 2019'
tags: [Publications]
---

## Conference

At the ISBI 2019 held in Venice, Italy, I presented our conference paper *Nuclei Segmentation in Histopathology Images Using Deep Neural Networks* during the poster session. The poster can be found [here](http://members.cbio.mines-paristech.fr/~pnaylor/Downloads/isbi_19_poster.pdf).

## Paper
The conference paper *Predicting Residual Cancer Burden in a triple negative breast cancer cohort* by *Peter Naylor, Joseph Boyd, Marick Laé, Fabien Reyal and Thomas Walter* has been published in *Biomedical Imaging (ISBI 2019)*, 2019 IEEE 16th International Symposium on (pp. 933-937).

## Data not available
The data used for the study is not available and constituted of 122 biopsy samples scanned at the Institute Curie. These samples are needle-core biopsy samples from tipple negative breast cancer patients. As each patient has four labels (pCR (56), RCB-I (10), RCB-II (49) and RCB-III (7)) we aim at predicting two task: (1) Prognostic pCR-RCB-I vs RCB-II-III and (2) Residual pCR vs RCB-I-II-III. 

## Summary of the paper
We note 3 contributions:
1) Existence of signal for the prediction of treatment response to chemotherapy in triple negative breast cancer, 60% accuracy on these tasks.
2) Novel model for WSI predictions: two steps and one step model.
3) Better tile encoding

### Data preparation 


### Results:

Insert table of results

### Models:

#### Manual feature extraction

#### Two step model

#### One step model

#### 
